# Fluent

Have you ever wondered **how to prevent poor leads** from appearing in your CRM generated by Fluent Forms? **Fluent forms typically don't catch incorrect email addresses** like disposable, gibberish, spam-trap, role/group addresses, typos, which results in low-quality leads.

Upgrade the quality of leads by identifying and removing such invalid leads at the time of capture on Fluent Forms by integrating with Clearout Email Validator.

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGTn6Zdbapo" %}

## Steps to integrate Fluent Forms with Clearout WordPress plugin <a href="#kedpr" id="kedpr"></a>

{% stepper %}
{% step %}
**Log in** to your Clearout account, navigate to the ‘**Developer**’ section. Click on '**+Create API Token**,' add a name and description, then click **Create**.

You’ll see the API token. **Copy Clearout API Token**, then go back to your WordPress site.
{% endstep %}

{% step %}
Set up the Clearout Email Validator plugin. Go to your form **Settings** > **Clearout Email Validator** _(make sure you’ve activated the plugin)_, **paste** your Clearout API token.

Note: By default, the plugin will block role-based addresses and disposable addresses. You can allow either or both by choosing the checkboxes in the settings.

You can also enable "**Accept only Business Address as valid**", which will override all the other settings.

Navigate down to '**Apply Validation**' > Select **Fluent Form** > Click on **Apply** to activate the validation.

That's it!

Shown below is **an example** of a Fluent Form integrated with Clearout, identifying an invalid email address in real-time
{% endstep %}
{% endstepper %}
